[Radar] Add Radar api docs (#6577)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/radar/get-started/first-request.md

Once you have the token, you are ready to make your first request to Radar's API at `https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/radar/`.

## Example using cURL

In the following example, we will access the global percentage distribution of device types (like mobile and desktop traffic) for the last seven days. For more information, refer to [Get a summary of device types](https://api.cloudflare.com/#radar-http-get-a-summary-of-device-types) endpoint:

```bash
curl -X GET "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/radar/http/summary/device_type?dateRange=7d&format=json" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"
```

A successful response will look similar to the following:

```json
{
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"result": {
		"summary_0": {
			"desktop": "58.223483",
			"mobile": "41.725833",
			"other": "0.050684"
		},
		"meta": {
			"dateRange": {
				"startTime": "2022-10-26T14:00:00Z",
				"endTime": "2022-11-02T14:00:00Z"
			},
			"normalization": "PERCENTAGE",
			...
		}
	}
}
```

This response means that 41% of the requests are classified as coming from mobile devices, while 58% are desktop traffic.

> {{<Aside type="note" >}} Cloudflare Radar attempts to provide trends and insights into general Internet usage, using the traffic that goes through Cloudflare infrastructure. As such, Cloudflare Radar only provides data on traffic coming from end-users, unless otherwise specified (for example, origin fetches are excluded).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note">}}Cloudflare Radar attempts to provide trends and insights into general Internet usage, using the traffic that goes through Cloudflare infrastructure. As such, Cloudflare Radar only provides data on traffic coming from end-users, unless otherwise specified (for example, origin fetches are excluded).
```

> Above, you are looking at _all_ traffic but you can also look at just traffic classified as coming from humans (the default in [Cloudflare Radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com)) by adding `botClass=LIKELY_HUMAN`, or only at traffic coming from bots `botClass=LIKELY_AUTOMATED` (more on [bot classes](/radar/concepts/bot-classes)). For example:

Author: Would prefer "The previous example returns all traffic, from bots and humans alike." instead of "The previous example returns all traffic available to Cloudflare Radar".

> Above, you are looking at _all_ traffic but you can also look at just traffic classified as coming from humans (the default in [Cloudflare Radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com)) by adding `botClass=LIKELY_HUMAN`, or only at traffic coming from bots `botClass=LIKELY_AUTOMATED` (more on [bot classes](/radar/concepts/bot-classes)). For example:

Reviewer: Updated

The previous example returns all traffic from bots and humans. However, you can access just the traffic classified as coming from humans (the default in [Cloudflare Radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com)) by adding `botClass=LIKELY_HUMAN`. You can also access traffic coming only from bots with `botClass=LIKELY_AUTOMATED` (refer to [bot classes](/radar/concepts/bot-classes) for more information). For example:

```bash
curl -X GET "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/radar/http/summary/device_type?dateRange=7d&botClass=LIKELY_AUTOMATED&format=json" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"
```

> Running the above, do you see any differences between both in the distribution of mobile vs desktop traffic?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the above, can you find any differences between both in the distribution of mobile versus desktop traffic?
```

{{<Aside type="note" header="The <code>result.meta</code> property">}}
The `result.meta` property in the response includes metadata about the current request. In the example above, `meta.dateRange` returns the date range specified in the query, while `meta.normalization` returns the type of normalization applied to the data (refer to [Normalization methods](/radar/concepts/normalization) for more information).

> When querying for timeseries, `result.meta` will also include the returned [aggregation interval](/radar/concepts/aggregation-intervals) in `meta.aggInterval`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When querying for time series, `result.meta` will also include the returned [aggregation interval](/radar/concepts/aggregation-intervals) in `meta.aggInterval`.
```

When present, `meta.confidenceInfo.level` will also provide an indication of how much confidence Cloudflare has in the data. Confidence levels are affected either by internal issues affecting data quality or by Cloudflare not having sufficient data for a given location or Autonomous System (AS). In these cases, confidence level will be below `5` (refer to [Confidence levels](/radar/concepts/confidence-levels) for more information).
{{</Aside>}}

> 
> ## Use Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Python
```

```python
import io
import requests
import pandas as pd

cf_api_url = "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4"
params = "dateRange=7d&format=csv"
my_token = "xxx" # TODO replace
r = requests.get(f"{cf_api_url}/radar/http/summary/device_type?{params}",
  headers={ "Authorization": f"Bearer {my_token}"})
df = pd.read_csv(io.StringIO(r.text))
df.plot(kind="bar", stacked=True)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notebooks

A [notebook](https://jupyter.org/) is a web-based interactive computing application, where text, code, and code outputs, like charts, can be combined into a single document. Refer to Radar's companion [colaboratory notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1MP8_YDPx44RRevG1ImHS1ycnF1bFW9ve?usp=sharing) for more examples on how you can use them for your own projects.

```

Author: The url needs to be updated since the notebook will come from a github repository instead (waiting on the repo). Will add this once we have the final url.

## Next steps

{{<button-group>}}
  {{<button type="primary" href="/radar/get-started/making-comparisons">}}Making comparisons{{</button>}}

> {{</button-group>}}

Author: Should be 'Make comparisons'.
